hey guys I'm martini and welcome back to
curly and curly so here's what you'll
need for this video you'll need a bucket
of toys a blanket and an iPad well at
least that's what Ken can think she need
so I'm gonna show you guys how I wash
her hair I don't wash our hair in the
shower because I don't want to take away
from bad time so I lay can-can on the
the counter top with a towel under her
head for support you know because the
counters are hard and I have her here um
falling backwards into the sink and
that's how we wash her hair while she
holds her blanket to make her feel good
and she's normally on the iPad watching
something as a distraction to me calm
washing her hair now this is the method
I use whether I'm shampooing her hair
conditioning her hair deep conditioning
in here whenever I'm wet in her hair
completely I always lay her over to
over-the-counter and have her head tilt
back into the sink but on this video I'm
simply co washing her hair and
afterwards we're gonna go ahead and do
one oil rinse with her hair and then
I'll condition it once more and that
will be it for the video now I don't
section off her hair simply because I
just don't want to but it is easier if
you do that you know you make sure all
the chants are penetrated with the
product that you're using but like I
said I'm not doing that so now I'm just
I've already rinsed her here with the
conditioner and so now I'm just adding
the oil all over her hair now the oil
that we're using is it's just a mixture
of some of the food my favorite oils we
have
olive oil castor oil and coconut oil in
there but you can use whatever oils that
you prefer it's completely up to you
normally I would finger detangle her
hair or detangle with a brush or comb
whatever you know while we're
conditioning or washing or whatever but
I'm not gonna do that this time I'm
gonna go ahead and detangle her hair
later on when we're sitting there maybe
watching TV or something else
now that we're all done I'm just gonna
use a t-shirt to blot out the water out
of her hair and the reason I'm using a
t-shirt is because it helps to eliminate
any phrase so that's it for today guys
thank you all so much for watching don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe
until next time guys bye